The main purpose of the our project is As for everyone their family is really important, so comes in picture their health.
There are a lot of options to monitor health of family members such as Blood oximeter or Pulse-meter but they're helpful only if the person is present near them, so to avoid this and track health of family members wherever they're present Smart wearables were introduced but the catch in this is that they should always be connected either to mobile device or to the internet to share/transfer the health data. As long as the internet is present or the wearable is connected to mobile device the data is being given to the guardian of the family but as soon as both are not present the guardian will not be able to get the health data of the family members.
Keeping this in mind we've come up with a new smart wearable which is based on LoRa (Long-Range). LoRa sends data without the help of internet or WIFI.
There'll be two modules of LoRa used one for the child/old person's Wearable and the other for the guardian so they could get the health data.
But,For children and old people just health data is not enough therefore in addition to that we've also added a GPS module which would track the person within a range of 10-15 kms so just in case if the child or the old person suffering from Amnesia gets lost they could be tracked easily. We've also included a sensor which senses instant position change of the person which may be able to track if the person falls
All the data of health, the latitudes longitudes & alerts will be sent to the guardian via LoRa.
